cloud data service: add API expiration instructions (#16337)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/data-service-api-key.md

- TiDB Cloud Data Service allows up to 100 requests per day for each Chat2Query Data App.

> ## API key Expiration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## API key expiration
```

> By default, API keys are never expired. For security considerations, you can choose an expiration time for you API key. You can edit the expiration time of an API key when you [create](#create-an-api-key) or [edit](#edit-an-api-key) the key. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, API keys never expire. However, for security considerations, you can specify an expiration time for your API key when you [create](#create-an-api-key) or [edit](#edit-an-api-key) the key. 
```

> - An API key is only valid in its expiration time. Once beyond the expiration time, the API key is **expired**, all requests using that key will failed with a `401` error and got a response like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An API key is valid only before its expiration time. Once expired, all requests using that key will fail with a `401` error, and the response is similar as follows:
```

    ```bash
    HTTP/2 401
    date: Mon, 05 Sep 2023 02:50:52 GMT
    content-type: application/json
    content-length: 420
    x-debug-trace-id: 202309040250529dcdf2055e7b2ae5e9
    x-kong-response-latency: 1
    server: kong/2.8.1

    {"data":{"result":{"start_ms":0,"end_ms":0,"latency":"","row_affect":0,"limit":0,"code":49900002,"message":"API Key is no longer valid","row_count":0},"columns":[],"rows":[]},"type":""}
    ```

> - You can also expire API keys manually, see [expire an api key](#expire-an-api-key) and [expire all api keys](#expire-all-api-keys). Once you manually expire an API key, it will immediately expired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can also expire API keys manually. For detailed steps, see [Expire an API key](#expire-an-api-key) and [Expire all API keys](#expire-all-api-keys). Once you manually expire an API key, the expiration takes effect immediately.
```

> - You can check your API keys' status and expiration time in the **Authentication** area of your target Data App.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can check the status and expiration time of your API keys in the **Authentication** area of your target Data App.
```

> - Once expired, an API key cannot be activated and edited again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Once expired, an API key cannot be activated or edited again.
```

## Manage API keys

> The following sections describe how to create, edit, delete, and manually expire an API key for a Data App.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following sections describe how to create, edit, delete, and manually expire an API key or all API keys for a Data App.
```

> The following sections describe how to create, edit, delete and manually expire an API key for a Data App.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sections describe how to create, edit, delete, and manually expire an API key for a Data App.
```

       If your requests per minute exceed the rate limit, the API returns a `429` error. To get a quota of more than 1000 requests per minute (rpm) per API key, you can [submit a request](https://support.pingcap.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=7800003722519) to our support team.

    4. (Optional) Set a desired expiration time for your API key.

>         By default, API keys never expire. If you prefer to specify an expiration time for the API key, click **Expires in**, select a time unit (`Minutes`, `Days`, or `Months`), and then fill in a desired number for the time unit. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        By default, an API key never expires. If you prefer to specify an expiration time for the API key, click **Expires in**, select a time unit (`Minutes`, `Days`, or `Months`), and then fill in a desired number for the time unit. 
```
